# cv

I'm writing here to let you know that all my other means of communication (insta/facebook/telegram/wa/mail/...) are monitored and basically censored by Nurul. So if anybody contacts me there I either don't see, only see the part that she wants me to see, and have to be careful about if/how I reply. It's come to my attention that she not only monitored but has probably been answering in my name on my accounts, as I've had suspicions that she is all over my phone sometimes at night when I'm asleep.
I almost feel like I'm in one of those abusive relationships that you see in movies, though there it always seems to be the female that's rendered powerless yet unable to escape.
Without putting the blame on her, as it is just as much my fault as it is hers, I just want to explain why it has been so hard for me to settle down and accept the reality of my situation. Not sure what exactly sparked it, but the phrase "it's never too late to stop being an asshole" has really come to get a hold in my brain.

In hindsight I know that my whole affair with Nurul was probably just a mid-life crisis gone horribly wrong. I'm sure that had Risna and the kids stayed here I would've gone back to stay with them already a long time ago, probably one of the first times I ran away from Nurul. In fact I have tried to get away from Nurul so many times now I've lost count: sometimes to Belgium, when that didn't work I would try to run to another city here, or even within Bali itself. Yet everytime I become convinced that going back to her is the better decision. I've asked her for divorce several times now, but either she flat out refuses, or she says she'll arrange it but then insists on "giving me another chance" instead.

Just to be clear, going back to Belgium might seem like the obvious option, but it really isn't that simple. Career-wise I'm in a highly specialised career where getting a job is basically word of mouth, where I have no connections in Europe to help me find an opening where I will be compensated like I am currently. So quitting my job to get another one in Belgium or nearby is practically impossible. So staying with my current job is the only feasible way to make enough money to support myself. Working with a team at the other side of the world is an absolute nightmare due to the time differences and may be ok for a couple of weeks, but I could not imagine working midnight to morning 5 days a week for the next couple of years. So even though Risna and anybody else might think that because I have a "remote" job it means I can work from anywhere is a signficant mis-perception. Also, here I'm able to work "between" tax jurisdictions, if I have to report my income in Belgium and be taxed accordingly my salary wouldn't amount up to all that much anymore either. Not to speak of possibly having to pay back-taxes if they decide to ask for proof of taxation while I was overseas. All that in mind, I have to consider the feasibility of actually keeping my current job if I were to stay in Belgium permanently. Already the few times I stayed in Belgium my boss made it clear that the (up to) 8hr time difference makes things difficult for them, and permamently working nights to minimise the impact wouldn't be sustainable for me either.

So in hindsight, yes I made a huge mistake, and made even bigger ones trying to make things work as a result of that. And now I'm stuck in a situation where I'm basically held hostage, my "wife" doesn't want to leave me out of her sight because I'm sure she knows I'll try and run away again, and if I don't play nice with her my life here would simply be hell. I can't talk to anyone without being monitored, I can't go anywhere alone. And even if I did find a way to get out of the house with my things, I have nowhere to go. In Indonesia I wouldn't be safe knowing that she's capable of fabricating stories to get me into trouble with the police or immigration. In Belgium I wouldn't be able to get a place to live without signficant capital to put up for a rental place's security bond, and there's no way Risna will consider letting me back in after all the shit I put her through over and over again. Heck without someone actually taking over my phone and acting as a buffer between me and Nurul I'm not even sure she wouldn't be able to mnanipulate me again in going back to her. Not to think of what kind of shit she might try to pull in revenge if she's not allowed to talk to me directly.

When people say just leave her, I cry inside, because the truth is I don't know how anymore. I tried all kinds of ways, but I always end up back here because I have nowhere else to go. Never did I think I would have to alienate Risna let alone my kids, or alienate everybody. But now, if I don't do what she says, she'll start messing with everybody. I wanted to believe that she could be nice, but the truth is she lied to me from the very beginning, putting up a nice facade, when underneath in truth she is someone with no empathy, unimaginably self-centered, and dual standards that are so twisted I can only just tune out.

You cannot imagine how sorry and sad I am with how this all turned out. I was blindingly justifying everything when I first met her, and now I can't even imagine what I was thinking at the time that I could do something so stupid. Now shutting everyone out seems to be the only thing I can do to appease her and stop her from trying to make trouble.

So with this I hope you understand better why things are the way they are. I'm a lost cause. Sorry you all got drageed through the mud because of my stupid mistakes.

Your son,
Paul
